Dickens Name Generator

This was written to generate, in particular, reasonable variations to replace the name "Pecksniff" within Charles Dickens' novel "Martin Chuzzlewit".  The idea is to replace each syllable in the name with a substitute which is equally funny or dirty or absurd, while still having the overall result reasonably suggest the original name.  This name is used nearly 1500 times within the novel, so doing this manually is nearly as taxing on one's sanity as reading the work itself in its original form as a modern reader.

Each potential syllable replacement has two different numerical quantities associated with it: fit and funnydirty, each a value between zero and one.  The fit quantity describes how evocative the syllable is of the original.  For example "Peck" and "Pig" are somewhat close, so this would get a 1.  The funnydirty quantity describes how relatively funny or dirty the syllable is.  For example, something like "flick" might be only mildly funny or dirty and be assigned a value of 0.25, while something like "snot" would be much funnier and would be assigned a "1".

The idea is to match first and second syllables to come up with an overall score for how "close" the name is to the original and whether it is stupid and dirty enough for the purposes of producing an even more unreadable parody of the original work.  We add the numerical results to make sure the result of each is over a certain threshold so we end up saving combinations such as "Pigsnort" or "Pigmuff" and discarding irrelevant ones that may sound little like the original (e..g "Nutlick") or are just boring ("Puckstuff"), while striving for little or no repetition.

For the record, all the Chuzzlewits were done manually (320 or so of them) which was extremely taxing on one's sanity, although also deeply satisfying and therapeutic.
